[SICP] 关于Exec.3-27
```js
const foo = fn => n => {
  return fn(n)
}

const bar = foo(n => {
  if(n === 1 || n === 0) return n
  return bar(n - 1) + bar(n - 2)
})

bar(3)
```

[SICP] chpater3.5 Stream
why?
3.3.1, 3.3.4, 3.4: 时间问题，并发问题
3.3.5

[SICP] review ch2
2.2
The ability to create pairs whose elements are pairs is
the essence of list structure's importance as a representational tool.

An operation for combining data objects satisfies the closure property
if the results of combining things with that operation can themselves be
combined using the same operation.

2.2.1 Representing Sequences
```scheme
(define (scale-list items factor)
  (if (null? items)
      '()
      (cons (* (car items) factor)
            (scale-list (cdr items) factor))))

(define (scale-list items factor)
  (map (lambda (x) (* x factor)) items)
)
```

Map is an important construct, not only because it captures a common pattern,
but also it establishes a higher level of abstraction in dealing with lists.
...Defining scale-list in terms of Map suppresses the level of detail
to draw attention to the element-by-element processing of the list,
and emphasizes that scaling transforms a list of elements to a list of results.
The difference between the two definitions is not that the computer is performing
a different process(it isn't) but that we think about the process differently.

2.2.2 Hierarchical Structures
Recursion is a natural tool for dealing with tree structures, since
we can reduce operations on trees to operations on their branches,
which reduce in turn to operations on the branches of the branches,
and so on, until we reach the leaves of the tree.

2.2.3
how abstraction preserves for us the flexibility to experiment with
alternative representations.

(define (sum-odd-squares tree)
  (cond ((null? tree) 0)  
        ((not (pair? tree))
         (if (odd? tree) (square tree) 0))
        (else (+ (sum-odd-squares (car tree))
                 (sum-odd-squares (cdr tree))))))

(define (even-fibs n)
  (define (next k)
    (if (> k n)
        nil
        (let ((f (fib k)))
          (if (even? f)
              (cons f (next (+ k 1)))
              (next (+ k 1))))))
  (next 0))

The key to organizing programs so as to more clearly reflect the signal-flow structure
is to concentrate on the "signals" that flow from one stage in the process to the next.
If we represent these signals as lists, then we can use list operations to
implement the processing at each of the stages.

这一小节的所阐述的问题就是，尽管上面的两个定义看起来如此不同，实际上可以对其具体的子过程进行
抽象，由通用的低级过程构建高级过程(Sequence Operations)

所谓的通用的低级过程包括：map, filter, accumulate, enum

The value of expressing programs as sequence operations is that
this helps us make program designs that are modular,that is
designs that are constructed by combining relatively independent pieces.
We can encourage modular design by using a library of standard components
together with a conventional interface for connecting the components in flexible ways.
